Zi Han
It's all my fault, my child
I'm sorry
The surgery failed
We did our best
Couldn't even take care of a child
Is this what being a mother is?
If you don't want to live, just die
No one will stop you
A fat woman who always embarrasses me
Useless
Can't even give birth to a son
And you caused the death of our daughter
Why weren't you the one who died?
Auntie, don't be angry,
Sister Dao Dao is already heartbroken
If it were me,
I would have died long ago
Zi Han
Mother is coming to be with you
Wen Xu,
don't be angry anymore
If that fat woman finds out
that her daughter's death is related to us
will I still be able to get her shares?
Alright,
instead of talking about this, think carefully
about how to get those shares
You have to live with her every day
it feels like torture
Tell me,
if she dies
won't all those shares be mine?
So...
You married me for the company
You're the ones who killed Zi Han
She was your biological daughter
Jian Dao,
since things have come to this
I don't want to hide it anymore
All these years with you
were just to take over Jian An Real Estate
Have you ever looked at yourself in the mirror?
You're fat
Do you think I want to be with you?
Look at yourself in the mirror
You're all fat
Seeing you makes me sick
Xiang Wen Xu,
I became like this
because I gave birth to your child
How dare you criticize me!
Jian Dao, Jian Dao,
I don't want to pretend anymore
As long as you die
Jian An Real Estate will naturally be mine
Don't run
Stop!
Pretending to be a good husband all these years,
I'm exhausted
If I had known it would be this troublesome
I should have killed you sooner
Don't come near me
Let me go!
Die
Your death would be good for everyone